Alamaral acs index (#13910)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/application.md

|applicationTemplateId | String | Unique identifier of the applicationTemplate. |
| appRoles | [appRole](approle.md) collection | The collection of roles assigned to the application. With [app role assignments](approleassignment.md), these roles can be assigned to users, groups, or service principals associated with other applications. Not nullable. |
| createdDateTime | DateTimeOffset | The date and time the application was registered. The DateTimeOffset type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Read-only. <br><br> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `ne`, `NOT`, `ge`, `le`, `in`) and `$orderBy`. |

> |defaultRedirectUri|string|Default redirect URI. If specified, Azure AD is going to send the token to that redirect URI if there is no explicit redirect URI in the sign-in request for SAML and OIDC flows. Also, Azure AD is going to send the token to the default redirect URI in SAML IdP initiated single sign-on. The value needs to match one of the configured redirect URIs for the application.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|defaultRedirectUri|String|The default redirect URI. If specified and there is no explicit redirect URI in the sign-in request for SAML and OIDC flows, Azure AD sends the token to this redirect URI. Azure AD also sends the token to this default URI in SAML IdP-initiated single sign-on. The value must match one of the configured redirect URIs for the application.|
```
